If you can solve them
You are my brother
Boss Yang, remember to make money?
I'll let you pay right away
Too late. These people are clearly motivated
Boss Yang, do many people buy things? Hahaha.
Young Master Yang, you haven't been here for a long time
What's up lately?
I've been too busy recently, so have you forgotten about me?
Absolutely not. Come on
Young Master Yang's mission failed
Xiang Zongda
Fucking trash
Yang Heyu
Your life is so hard
What's the matter, Mr. Liang is still worried that your big brother will start again
Nothing to worry about.
He will definitely continue to attack
Why don't we work together?
cooperation
What is your identity?
Do you know the Shen family in Nandu?
Shen family